# cppplayground
playing with cpp functionality

it's all about exceptions in programming, unintended consequences, there is misery in the edge cases, we must catch all exceptions.
we want perfect code. since we humans are not perfect, we will make errors and introduce bugs into the program. if we put 100% effort in writing our code and algorithms, and debugging is double as hard as writing the code, how will we be able to fix the code in that same frame of reference with that equivalent knowledge base? good question. that's where unit testing and test driven development come into play there are many more testing paradigms and frameworks. we must be obsessed with the code quality and continuously review, refactor, test it, become intimate with the code and ensure that it builds and all tests pass continuously. we must also write code that is extensible, loosely coupled modules, that can be easily read and understood and where we can fix the bugs quickly and add new functionality easily. write simple, efficient, maintainable code is the goal. writing software is the most complex undertaking that we humans accomplish. concentration and focus are the key. the hero developer is the developer with the photographic memory. memory games. high functioning autism. if the program comes with tests, you can sacrifice a small animal in gratitude. so much talk and so little code. just having some fun. it's not a matter of life or death code quality even though i have observed that the top software producers take this very seriously. obviously, it's a matter of cost. where do we fix the bugs, before deployment or after deployment. the cost impact in production is substantially higher than in development. software is an asset, each line of code a liability. The lofty goal and obsession of some with 100% code coverage is technically not feasible in a large scale enterprise application. cyclomatic complexity, there are just too many paths the code runs through and unexpected behaviors that cannot beforeseen when interactions in hereterogeneous systems and new configuration mechanisms. to may not calculatable parameters to be concerned about. if you start thinking about the edge cases, that's where the action is. infinite possibilities. 
inspiration sources for this short excerpt: 
the pragmatic programmer
robert c martin
douglas crockford
scott delaware
